yeah cut away all right guys what is up
and the LA what did i do today today I
actually went on for my last video and
if you guys haven't watched it yet i
believe i will put the link to in the
description and i asked every single one
of you guys if you guys are on the Xbox
to the PlayStation 3 doesn't matter
which console if you guys are or have a
good game in your vault and you think
it's you know YouTube worthy and you
know you play properly and you win the
game you know whatever blob well you
guys know the standards right YouTube
standards and I said I'd go into it and
I checked i believe all nine people to
ask for me to look in their vaults and i
recorded at least one gameplay now that
does not mean that i will put it on
youtube but that does mean that i do
have it recorded and it is sitting on my
desktop just in case i do want to use it
now chances are i will use some not all
of you maybe but you know you never know
i might use a hole for the game plays
who knows guys will only time will tell
but this right here is actually i don't
even know if this guy's to subscribe
everybody is on my friends list and this
guy right here i haven't played with him
in a while i have featured about two or
three of his videos on my channel and
for the reason I that is that I do
really for the most part only like using
my own gameplay because this is a
channel based on strategy and this right
here my channel is how to help you
improve and call of duty I give a lot of
tips and my play style is you know a lot
of people might say I played offensive
or kind of campus but you know end of
story that that's how you're gonna win
in this game for the most part and now
when I say that I don't mean ignoring
objective when it comes down to the
objective I'll put on my tack insert
class and you know I'll go negative x 4
and just you know to win the game but
you know for the most part you guys know
how I play so far and
this guy right here kind of place
complete opposite of me it's just funny
how we kind of like attracted to each
other no homo for the fact that he likes
to run around with like shotguns and
like weird class setups and all that
stuff and he likes to you know just rush
around all day using support where you
guys know me I like my salt and I like
to play defensive not as aggressive and
stuff like that but uh I felt the need
of use this game play once again or well
not I haven't used this one in
particular but to use another one in his
game plays because he honestly does put
up some really good game plays he
doesn't always have like the major
scores or like you know the high hundred
plus kills even though he does get you
know the odd one hundred plus kill like
you know some of the big guys but he
also does put up some of the most
entertaining game play and he doesn't
actually have you know a PVR a time to
record but you know and there's really
not much of a point to get into YouTube
at this point you know because the
markets so oversaturated with people
that it'd be a really difficult time to
ever get your content out there unless
you're doing something that people
really do enjoy and you know it's
something it's something really hard to
get out there with I've been doing
YouTube for coming up to a year now and
you know I I have what like sick there
close to 600 subs something like that
but you know I'm grateful for what I
have like i said but yeah this right
here let's get into the gameplay shall
we this right here is a spaz fo support
in the lab so not only is he using a
spaz 12 with no damage to this gun does
even have damage i believe it only has
the range proficiency he doesn't even
have extended mags he doesn't even use
grip he uses the red taught don't ask me
why i'm assuming he's just doing it to
level up his gun to get the red dot
challenge so no damage on a shotgun no
you know extended mags or grip on the
shotgun and he doesn't even have
specialist he's using support which is
you know just makes it even better so i
thought this gameplay was pretty good
and his secondaries aren't the fmg
akimbo is like you see most shotgun the
labs people will use that secondary and
he actually you know he gets a couple
kills for the secondary which is fine
because he's using the akimbo scorpions
where which are you know pretty good
pretty fair guns for the most part so i
think this is a pretty good mo up if you
add
me I hope to actually get a shock on my
lab once i hit 20th prestige you guys
know that i tried to level up as fast as
i can and i try to you know I I use the
guns and I know that I'm comfortable
with you know kind of trihard guns i
guess you guys could say but when i hit
20s prestigio men try something
different guns out and i'm gonna try and
level up some shotguns you know do all
that cool stuff because you know I'm
20th prestige so I might as well and he
gets the Moab right here if you ask me
pretty beast my web but uh wow he makes
that guy sit down her huh but yeah I
plan on leveling up shotguns when I hit
20th just because you know what I can I
can I finally do it and not worry about
prestiging anymore and losing all the
effort for it but uh hope someday to get
a shotgun Moab and I do myself have a
pretty good gameplay coming up I will
probably upload it within the next week
or so so I think you guys are pretty
happy but it's probably one of my best
modern warfare 3 gameplay' to date my
personal opinion I'm pretty happy with
it it's one of my challenges of my three
challenges that I've actually got and I
don't know and we weren't facing against
bad players when I got so it kind of
makes it even more impressive but if you
guys are still around the video I
appreciate that I'm gonna ask you guys
to leave a rating be kids whenever it
seems like I asked for you guys to leave
ratings you guys actually go ahead and
do it and you guys are pretty cool
because it helps my channel grow and for
someone like myself you know i'm not a
big commentator the big commentators
don't really need thumbs up on their
videos you know it's nice to get them
and i understand why they ask for them I
hardly ever asked for Tyrell you know
for you guys to rate the video but it
really will help my channel grow a lot
faster and if you guys want to see me
succeed it's a really good way to help
out so I do appreciate that guys it
really means a lot but if you guys have
not put your gamertag in the description
or another description that shit are a
comment section and if you guys want me
to check out your vault to see if you
guys have any a good game plays in there
just tell me what gameplay it is leave
your gamertag either xbox or playstation
3 and I will probably go check it out
because
I've known about like I said like 9i
believe like eight or nine people
already and I gotta say guys my
subscribers are pretty pretty big beasts
if you ask me so I yeah I I will still
be featuring my own gameplay on my
channel because that's pretty much I
really i'm not a huge fan of uploading
other people's gameplay but you know
it's something that you guys deserved
because you guys are actually pretty
good subscribers and it's just a way to
pay you guys back because you know i
can't really uh I guess pay you guys
back for you know helping me out so much
besides saying thank you and you know
Thank You doesn't really get very far so
you know uploading maybe someones
gameplay once in a while I guess can't
be that bad but what was I gonna say
there was something else i was gonna say
but i don't remember i don't know what
it was oh oh yeah that was it uh from
modern warfare 3 has anyone been getting
the servers are unavailable at all
lately i don't know if it's just me or
my connection but i know i've been
getting that a bit lately and it's kind
of annoying but yeah just getting this
game plays a pretty much time i doing
end here and probably gonna in the
commentary now so anyways guys look if
you guys enjoyed please